docs/reference/commandline/image_save.md, before:

# save

<!---MARKER_GEN_START-->
Save one or more images to a tar archive (streamed to STDOUT by default)

### Aliases

`docker image save`, `docker save`

### Options

| Name             | Type     | Default | Description                        |
|:-----------------|:---------|:--------|:-----------------------------------|
| `-o`, `--output` | `string` |         | Write to a file, instead of STDOUT |


<!---MARKER_GEN_END-->

## Description

Produces a tarred repository to the standard output stream.
Contains all parent layers, and all tags + versions, or specified `repo:tag`, for
each argument provided.

## Examples

### Create a backup that can then be used with `docker load`.

```console
$ docker save busybox > busybox.tar

$ ls -sh busybox.tar

2.7M busybox.tar

$ docker save --output busybox.tar busybox

$ ls -sh busybox.tar

2.7M busybox.tar

$ docker save -o fedora-all.tar fedora

$ docker save -o fedora-latest.tar fedora:latest
```

### Save an image to a tar.gz file using gzip

You can use gzip to save the image file and make the backup smaller.

```console
$ docker save myimage:latest | gzip > myimage_latest.tar.gz
```

### Cherry-pick particular tags

You can even cherry-pick particular tags of an image repository.

```console
$ docker save -o ubuntu.tar ubuntu:lucid ubuntu:saucy
```

Commit message:

image/save: Add `--platform`
Signed-off-by: Paweł Gronowski <pawel.gronowski@docker.com>
Signed-off-by: Sebastiaan van Stijn <github@gone.nl>

docs/reference/commandline/image_save.md, after:

# save

<!---MARKER_GEN_START-->
Save one or more images to a tar archive (streamed to STDOUT by default)

### Aliases

`docker image save`, `docker save`

### Options

| Name             | Type     | Default | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
|:-----------------|:---------|:--------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `-o`, `--output` | `string` |         | Write to a file, instead of STDOUT                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| `--platform`     | `string` |         | Specify a platform from a multi-platform image to save.<br>If a platform is not specified, and the image is a multi-platform image, all platform variants are saved.<br><br>Format: `os[/arch[/variant]]`<br>Example: `docker image save --platform linux/amd64` |


<!---MARKER_GEN_END-->

## Description

Produces a tarred repository to the standard output stream.
Contains all parent layers, and all tags + versions, or specified `repo:tag`, for
each argument provided.

## Examples

### Create a backup that can then be used with `docker load`.

```console
$ docker save busybox > busybox.tar

$ ls -sh busybox.tar

2.7M busybox.tar

$ docker save --output busybox.tar busybox

$ ls -sh busybox.tar

2.7M busybox.tar

$ docker save -o fedora-all.tar fedora

$ docker save -o fedora-latest.tar fedora:latest
```

### Save an image to a tar.gz file using gzip

You can use gzip to save the image file and make the backup smaller.

```console
$ docker save myimage:latest | gzip > myimage_latest.tar.gz
```

### Cherry-pick particular tags

You can even cherry-pick particular tags of an image repository.

```console
$ docker save -o ubuntu.tar ubuntu:lucid ubuntu:saucy
```
