docs/reference/commandline/image_load.md, before:

# load

<!---MARKER_GEN_START-->
Load an image from a tar archive or STDIN

### Aliases

`docker image load`, `docker load`

### Options

| Name                                | Type     | Default | Description                                  |
|:------------------------------------|:---------|:--------|:---------------------------------------------|
| [`-i`](#input), [`--input`](#input) | `string` |         | Read from tar archive file, instead of STDIN |
| `-q`, `--quiet`                     | `bool`   |         | Suppress the load output                     |


<!---MARKER_GEN_END-->

## Description

Load an image or repository from a tar archive (even if compressed with gzip,
bzip2, xz or zstd) from a file or STDIN. It restores both images and tags.

## Examples

```console
$ docker image ls

REPOSITORY          TAG                 IMAGE ID            CREATED             SIZE
```

### Load images from STDIN

```console
$ docker load < busybox.tar.gz

Loaded image: busybox:latest
$ docker images
REPOSITORY          TAG                 IMAGE ID            CREATED             SIZE
busybox             latest              769b9341d937        7 weeks ago         2.489 MB
```

### <a name="input"></a> Load images from a file (--input)

```console
$ docker load --input fedora.tar

Loaded image: fedora:rawhide
Loaded image: fedora:20

$ docker images

REPOSITORY          TAG                 IMAGE ID            CREATED             SIZE
busybox             latest              769b9341d937        7 weeks ago         2.489 MB
fedora              rawhide             0d20aec6529d        7 weeks ago         387 MB
fedora              20                  58394af37342        7 weeks ago         385.5 MB
fedora              heisenbug           58394af37342        7 weeks ago         385.5 MB
fedora              latest              58394af37342        7 weeks ago         385.5 MB
```

Commit message:

image/load: Add `--platform`
Signed-off-by: Paweł Gronowski <pawel.gronowski@docker.com>
Signed-off-by: Sebastiaan van Stijn <github@gone.nl>

docs/reference/commandline/image_load.md, after:

# load

<!---MARKER_GEN_START-->
Load an image from a tar archive or STDIN

### Aliases

`docker image load`, `docker load`

### Options

| Name                                | Type     | Default | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
|:------------------------------------|:---------|:--------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [`-i`](#input), [`--input`](#input) | `string` |         | Read from tar archive file, instead of STDIN                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| `--platform`                        | `string` |         | Specify a platform from a multi-platform image to load.<br>If a platform is not specified, and the image is a multi-platform image, all platforms are loaded.<br><br>Format: `os[/arch[/variant]]`<br>Example: `docker image load --platform linux/amd64` |
| `-q`, `--quiet`                     | `bool`   |         | Suppress the load output                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |


<!---MARKER_GEN_END-->

## Description

Load an image or repository from a tar archive (even if compressed with gzip,
bzip2, xz or zstd) from a file or STDIN. It restores both images and tags.

## Examples

```console
$ docker image ls

REPOSITORY          TAG                 IMAGE ID            CREATED             SIZE
```

### Load images from STDIN

```console
$ docker load < busybox.tar.gz

Loaded image: busybox:latest
$ docker images
REPOSITORY          TAG                 IMAGE ID            CREATED             SIZE
busybox             latest              769b9341d937        7 weeks ago         2.489 MB
```

### <a name="input"></a> Load images from a file (--input)

```console
$ docker load --input fedora.tar

Loaded image: fedora:rawhide
Loaded image: fedora:20

$ docker images

REPOSITORY          TAG                 IMAGE ID            CREATED             SIZE
busybox             latest              769b9341d937        7 weeks ago         2.489 MB
fedora              rawhide             0d20aec6529d        7 weeks ago         387 MB
fedora              20                  58394af37342        7 weeks ago         385.5 MB
fedora              heisenbug           58394af37342        7 weeks ago         385.5 MB
fedora              latest              58394af37342        7 weeks ago         385.5 MB
```
